feat(apollo-parser, apollo-compiler): support parsing and validating FieldSet (#685)
apollographql/apollo-rs: crates/apollo-compiler/CHANGELOG.md

## Features

- **Add `executable::FieldSet` for a selection set with optional outer brackets - [lrlna], [pull/685] fixing [issue/681]**
  This is intended to parse string value of a [`FieldSet` custom scalar][fieldset]

>   used in some Apollo Federation directives, in the context of a specific schema and type.

Author: ```suggestion
  used in some Apollo Federation directives in the context of a specific schema and type.
```

>   Its `validate` method calls the subset of validation rules relevan to a selection set

Author: ```suggestion
  Its `validate` method calls a subset of validation rules relevant to selection sets.
```
